Added missing directions on enabling LTIs (#5587)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/lti/teams-meetings-with-canvas.md

5. Select **Install**.

   The Microsoft Teams meetings LTI app will be added to the list of external apps.
   

> ## Enable for Canvas Courses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enabling the LTI app for Canvas courses
```

> In order to use the LTI within a course, an instructor of the Canvas course must enable the integrations sync. Each course must be enabled by an instructor for a corresponding Teams to be created; there is no global mechanism for Teams creation. This is designed out of caution to prevent unwanted Teams being created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the LTI app within a course, an instructor of the Canvas course must enable integrations sync. Each course must be enabled by an instructor for a corresponding team to be created; there is no global mechanism for teams creation. This is designed as a precautionary measure to prevent unwanted teams from being created.
```

> Please refer your instructors to [educator documentation](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/use-microsoft-teams-classes-in-your-lms-preview-ac6a1e34-32f7-45e6-b83e-094185a1e78a#ID0EBD=Instructure_Canvas) for enabling the LTI for each course and finishing the integration setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer your instructors to the [educator documentation](https://support.microsoft.com/topic/use-microsoft-teams-classes-in-your-lms-preview-ac6a1e34-32f7-45e6-b83e-094185a1e78a#ID0EBD=Instructure_Canvas) for enabling the LTI app for each course and completing the integration setup.
```
